

# Script Name

## NAME

**script name** — One-line description of this script's purpose

## SYNOPSIS

**script name**
[**--input**=_input_file_ | **-i** _input_file_]
[**--output**=_output_file_ | **-o** _output_file_]
[**--help**]
[**--log** | **-l** ]
[**logfile**=_logfile_]
[**--man**]
[**--quiet**] | [**-q**]
[**--usage**]
[**--debug**]
[**--version**]
[**--verbose**] | [**-v**]
[--]
[_input_file_ ...]


## DESCRIPTION

[Describe how the audience will fid value in the product.]

### OPTIONS & AUGUMENTS

[**--input**=_input_file_ | **-i** _input_file_]
: Specify an input source [default: STDIN]. **--input** may be specified multiple times.

[**--output**=_output_file_ | **-o** _output_file_]
: Specify the output destination [default: STDOUT]. **--output** may be specified only once.

[**--help**]
: Print this summary

[**--log**]
: switch to print the log file to _script name.log_.

[**--logfile**=_logfile_]
: Print the logfile to _logfile_.

[**--man**]
: Print the man file

[**--quiet**] | [**-q**]
: Run silent

[**--usage**]
: Print the synopsis line

[**--debug**]
: Include debugging output in STDERR

[**--version**]
: Print the version information

[**--verbose**] | [**-v**]
: Print detailed information the right most option determines which applies --quite or --verbose

[--]
: Flag showing that there are no more options on this command line.

[_input_file_ ...]
: Specify input zero or more input sources.

## NOTES & CAVEATS

## DIAGNOSTICS

### OLS9999F

routine: Error message3

#### Severity

Fatal Error, EX_CODE=16

#### Explanation:

Why was this error message thrown.

#### System Action

The system action depends upon the error conditions described in the accompaning messages.

#### User Response

See the specific error message to determine the user action.

#### Programmer Response

Isolate call to **ols_rd_excode** and supply the intended exit code.

#### System Programer Response

Analysize the errors to determine your response.

## SEE ALSO
[Write who the product is intended to serve.]

## BUGS

[Describe how the intended ausience will use this product.]

## AUTHOR
[Give a summary fo the functions the software will perform and the features that will be included.]

## COPYRIGHT

[List the design requirements, graphics requirements, operating system requirements and constraints of the product.]

## SOURCE

### User Interface Requirements

[Describe the logic behind the interactions between the users and the software (screen layouts, style guides, _etc_).]

### Hardware Interface Requireements

[List the supported devices the software is intended to run on, the network requirements & the communication protocols to be used.]

### Softare Interface Requirements

[Include the connections between your product and otheer software components, including frontend/backend framework libraries, _etc._]

### Communication Interface Requirements

[List any requirements for the communication programs your product will use, like emails or embedded forms.]

## Non-Functional Requirements

### Security

[Include any privacy and data protection regulations that should be adhered to.]

### Capacity

[Describe the current and future storage needs for your software.]

### Compatibility

[List the minimun hardware requirements for your software.]

### Reliability

[Calculate what the critical failure time of your product would be under normal usage.]

### Scalability

[Calculate the highest workloads under which your software will still preform as expected.]

### Maintainability

[Describe how continuous integration should be used to deploy features and bug fixes quickly.]

### Useability

[Describe how easy it should be for end-users to use your software.]

### Other

[List any additional non-functional requirements.]

## References

[Enter references here.]

## Acknowledgements

[Enter acknowledgements here.]

## Appendices

### Definitions & Acronyms

| Word                | Definition                     |
|:--------------------|:-------------------------------|
| Word                | Definition                     |
| Acronym             | Description                    |

\newpage

## Colophon

| Field            | Value                               |
|------------------|-------------------------------------|
| Project No.      | J70413419                  |
| Document Func.   | Template                  |
| Document Type    | Specification                           |
| Document No.     | X77-6734-00                   |
| Publication Date | YYYY-MM-DD                             |
| Rights           | CC BY 4.0                           |
| Source           | [https://github.com/markj1069/templates-J70413419/tree/master/doc/X77-6734/V00](https://github.com/markj1069/templates-J70413419/tree/master/doc/X77-6734/V00)              |

## Abstract

The *man pages*, short for *reference manual pages*, are your keys to Linux.

### Keywords

* software
* man page
* template
* 
* 
* 

## Identification

| Software         | Values            |
|:-----------------|:------------------|
| **Project Name** | Document Templates |
| **Date**         | YYYY-MM-DD           |
| **Version**      | X77-6734-00     |
| **By**           | Mark J. Jensen        |

### Revision

| Version      | Party        | Description             | Date          |
|:-------------|:-------------|:------------------------|:--------------|
| **History**  |  **Author**  | **Version Description** | **Completed** |
| X11-9999-00  |  [Author]    | [Description]           |  9999-99-99   |
|              |              |                         |               |
| **Approval** | **Reviewer** | **Comments**            |  **Approval** |
| X11-9999-00  | [Reviewer]   | [Comments]              |  9999-99-99   |

